Inquisitor collects player information and statistics and stores them in a MySQL database. It also provides a built-in web server and templating system to allow viewing stored data over the web.

This plugin is related to, but independent from, the [http://dev.bukkit.org/server-mods/transporter/ Transporter] plugin. It was born when certain features in that other plugin were deemed "out of scope" and belonged in a separate plugin. That said, Transporter integrates with Inquisitor to provide that plugin's "Realm Support".

===Announcements===
v2.19 has been released!
  * Fixes integration with bukkit 1.7 API
  * Adds support for Horse Riding metric

===Installation===
Java code (and therefore this plugin) requires a database driver to access a database. If you already use MySQL with your Bukkit server you can probably skip this step. If this is the first time you've configured a Bukkit plugin to use MySQL, read on.

Download the plugin's jar file, drop it into your plugins folder, start Bukkit. At the console, configure the plugin to connect to a previously created MySQL database. See [Commands] and [Configuration] for details.


===Documentation===

This plugin uses [http://mcstats.org Plugin Metrics] for gathering of anonymous statistics. To opt-out, set "opt-out" to true in your Metrics config file (plugins/PluginMetrics/config.yml).

* [GettingStarted]
* [Commands]
* [Configuration]
* [PlayerStatistics]
* [WebPages]

===Screenshots of included web pages===
[https://picasaweb.google.com/lh/photo/LtLXuyJeUQ9UsXyeunuYM56AUL6klIe5p7ZOhWNJUPY?feat=directlink https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-PnS1nw41iLM/Uvo60txN4PI/AAAAAAAAAI8/YBg3sISOfws/s144/shot1.png]

[https://picasaweb.google.com/lh/photo/elTotU9e3AMB3jN9rSsqUp6AUL6klIe5p7ZOhWNJUPY?feat=directlink https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-o-Fku4rcbbI/Uvo60hjCNDI/AAAAAAAAAI4/mA0M178AHdM/s144/shot2.png]